docs/Comparison Table Info.md, before:

---
hide:
  - navigation 
---

# Comparison Table Info

## Models
The name of the model.

## Platform

The platform on which the model was running during the test. Can be

1. Online, meaning an online platform, such as OpenAI's website [chat.openai.com](https://chat.openai.com/).
2. Locally, meaning on our own hardware. This is further clarified with the type of programs used to run these models and also 
3. API, meaning through API calls, requiring possible authorization and API keys, for example [OpenAI's API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference).


## Info
Where to find the information about the model, typîcally refers to the official release page and documentation pages. 


## Quantization


## Configuration
Configuration explains the adjusted parameters that were used while running the model. These parameters control the text generation. For example:

- Temperature controls the randomness of outputs. Low temperature values results in more consistent outputs, while higher results in more diverse and creative output.


## Context Window
How big the context window of the model is, meaning how many tokens it remembers from the conversation when it generates an answer.
The model does not see words but it sees tokens, which is a different representation for the words in the conversation

## System Message

## Prompt

## Conversation

## Review

#

#

#

Commit message:

Add nr of samples to comparison table info

docs/Comparison Table Info.md, after:

---
hide:
  - navigation 
---

# Comparison Table Info

## Models
The name of the model.

## Platform

The platform on which the model was running during the test. Can be

1. Online, meaning an online platform, such as OpenAI's website [chat.openai.com](https://chat.openai.com/).
2. Locally, meaning on our own hardware. This is further clarified with the type of programs used to run these models and also 
3. API, meaning through API calls, requiring possible authorization and API keys, for example [OpenAI's API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference).


## Info
Where to find the information about the model, typîcally refers to the official release page and documentation pages. 


## Quantization


## Configuration
Configuration explains the adjusted parameters that were used while running the model. These parameters control the text generation. For example:

- Temperature controls the randomness of outputs. Low temperature values results in more consistent outputs, while higher results in more diverse and creative output.


## Context Window
How big the context window of the model is, meaning how many tokens it remembers from the conversation when it generates an answer.
The model does not see words but it sees tokens, which is a different representation for the words in the conversation

## System Message

## Prompt

## Conversation

## Review

## Nr of samples
How many times we asked the model to give feedback on the assignment.

#

#
